Reorganize and rename top-level storyboarding articles (#6025)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Storyboard/en.md

Storyboards are stored in beatmap folders as either standalone [`.osb` files](/wiki/osu!_File_Formats/Osb_(file_format)) or extensions to the `[Events]` section of a [`.osu` file](/wiki/osu!_File_Formats/Osu_(file_format)). Because of this, it's possible to create different storyboards for difficulties within a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap).

## Storyboarding

*Main article: [Storyboard scripting](/wiki/Storyboard/Scripting)*

> *Storyboarding* is the process of making a storyboard; the person behind the process is called *a storyboarder*. Storyboarding is often very difficult and requires considerable time and expertise in standard animation and in the creation of graphics. osu! offers a [design editor](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor/Design) inside of the [beatmap editor](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor) to aid the creation of storyboards, but most avid storyboard producers opt to instead program via [storyboard scripting](/wiki/Storyboard/Scripting) directly. Many creators choose to write programs in full-featured programming languages to generate storyboards scripts, because complex visual effects can require a great amount of storyboard code to produce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Storyboarding* is the process of making a storyboard, where the person behind the process is called a *storyboarder*. Storyboarding is often very difficult and requires considerable time and expertise in standard animation and in the creation of graphics. osu! offers a [design editor](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor/Design) inside of the [beatmap editor](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor) to aid the creation of storyboards, but most avid storyboard producers opt to instead program via [storyboard scripting](/wiki/Storyboard/Scripting) directly. Many creators choose to write programs in full-featured programming languages to generate storyboard scripts, because complex visual effects can require a great amount of storyboard code to produce.
```

> *Storyboarding* is the process of making a storyboard, where the person behind the process is called a *storyboarder*. Storyboarding is often very difficult and requires considerable time and expertise in standard animation and in the creation of graphics. osu! offers a [design editor](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor/Design) inside of the [beatmap editor](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor) to aid the creation of storyboards, but most avid storyboard producers opt to instead program via [storyboard scripting](/wiki/Storyboard/Scripting) directly. Many creators choose to write programs in full-featured programming languages to generate storyboard scripts, because complex visual effects can require a great amount of storyboard code to produce.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Storyboarding* is the process of making a storyboard, where the person behind the process is called a *storyboarder*. Storyboarding is often very difficult, and requires considerable time and expertise in standard animation and graphic creation. osu! offers a [built-in editor](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor/Design) inside of the [beatmap editor](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor) to aid the creation of storyboards, although most avid storyboarders opt to program via [storyboard scripting](/wiki/Storyboard/Scripting) directly. Many creators choose to write programs in full-featured programming languages to generate storyboard scripts, because complex visual effects can require a great amount of storyboard code to produce.
```

Author: will accept for now, but this better be rewritten and/or simplified someday
